September 18, 2024

Privacy Policy

This privacy policy applies to the JOKENPO CLASH application (hereinafter referred to as the "Application") for mobile devices that was created by Santiago dos Santos Lovera (hereinafter referred to as the "Service Provider") as a Free service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".



Collection and Use of Information

The Application does not collect information when you download and use it. This information may include information such as



Third Party Access

The Application does not share data with third parties.



Google Play Services

The Service Provider may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:

as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;

when they believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect their rights, protect their safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;

with its trusted service providers who work on its behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.



Opt-Out Rights

You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling it. You can use the standard uninstall processes that may be available as part of your mobile device or through the mobile application marketplace or network.



Data Retention Policy

The Service Provider will not retain any data provided by the user while you use the Application. If you have any questions, please contact origamipartygame@gmail.com and you will be responded to within a reasonable time.



Children

The Service Provider does not use the Application to solicit data from or knowingly market to children under the age of 13.

The Application does not address anyone under the age of 13.

The Service Provider does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.

In the event that the Service Provider discovers that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, the Service Provider will immediately delete such information from its servers.

If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact the Service Provider (origamipartygame@gmail.com) so that they will be able to do necessary actions.



Security

The Service Provider is concerned about protecting the confidentiality of your information. The Service Provider provides physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the information that the Service Provider processes and maintains.



Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as your continued use is deemed approval of any changes.



This Privacy Policy is effective as of 2024-09-19



Your Consent

By using the Application, you are consenting to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.



Contact Us

If you have any questions about privacy when using the Application, or have concerns about the practices, please contact the Service Provider by email at origamipartygame@gmail.com.